So in this model we spend a lot of time on adding authentication and you'll learn there's a lot to it.
We made sure users can be created.
Users can log in and then we're managing this token managing this token with the help of behavior subjects
to make sure that everything in the app updates correctly whenever our token in our user changes.
We're using it in the guard here.
We're using it to find out whoever a user is authenticated with the help of our getters there.
We're doing the same for the user I.D. and we're using the token also to appended to the requests we're
sending to our back and there we append the token to every requested leaves our app because otherwise
the back end as you saw blocks access and this way our back in a secured and we correctly reflect the
occurred authentication state on the front end and we all of that are things like automatically logging
the user in when it comes back to the app as well as automatically log into user out.
Now obviously there are rooms for improvement you can improve error handling you can use that refresh
token to keep the user locked in for more than one hour.
I'm happy with that state.
My goal obviously was to give you an overview.
Overall these tools and give you a thorough introduction on how you add authentication to an eye on
a gap.
Feel free to now explore other options and dive deeper on this to use all the features you need for
your next project.